COMP3900 - Work Diary
By: Bernadette Sharon Setio - z5098717
Aburi Salmon Group


Week 1
Group formed with Kevin and Hui Min (Yemi).
GitHub, Google Docs, messenger group, slack chat account was made.
Appointed as the scrum master.
Finished 1st deliverables.
Discussed team name, logo, and project details such as the product description, purpose, features, software architecture, system process and flow and project methodology.
Divide roles, I will work on back end.
Finished the background, technical details, task allocation and timeline, project methodology and some of the epic & user stories for the proposal.
Discuss database structure
Created Jira account and add all members

Week 2
Two additional members on our group - Kaveh and Noah. Invited them on jira, github, messenger and slack. 
We decided to stick on the "Waiter" project. 
We changed the backend software architecture from Typescript to using python and FLASK. 
Explained what we have in mind for the "waiter" project to the new members.
Decided on a name for the system.
We divided our roles and set up a weekly meetings day.
Added more user stories and edited the epic stories.
Discussed and modified the currently made database.
Planned to finish the project proposals by the end of this week.
Discussed how to make our system different than the currently available system on the market.
Did some research on the currently available "waiter" system on the market.

Week 3
Transferred the epic stories and user stories to Jira
Fixed existing user stories and added more user stories
Finalised epic stories and its story points
Arrange the wireframes on the project proposal
Setting up virtual environment and python
Transferred new and edit US and ES from google docs to Jira
Added story points to all US
Added customer wireframe to proposal
Edited the database to the new changes
Edited and finalised proposal
Submitted the proposal

Week 4
Added README.md for capstone
Assigned people in Jira
Added subtasks for each user stories
Create new sprint
Made login
Made register
Made edit staff info

Week 5:
Create new sprint
Added subtasks for each user stories
Made menu
Made edit orders

Week 6:
Create new sprint
Added subtasks for each user stories
Made changes to orders
Trying to fix some problems on unable to run frontend properly

Week 7
Create new sprint
Added subtasks for each user stories
Edited orders
Edited menu database, added menu and image
Still trying to fix some problems on unable to run frontend properly

Week 8:
Create new sprint
Added subtasks for each user stories
Edited menu database
Made estimated time taken calculation for order
Matching ingredients with item menu on database
Still trying to fix some problems on unable to run frontend properly

Week 9
Create new sprint
Added subtasks for each user stories
Refactor code
Added comments
Prepare for project demo

Week 10
Project Demo
Work on project report
