Week 1 Diary – overall summaryTuesday Feb 18 This week – I formed groups with lab partner Noah, where we decided upon making a stock market portfolio. We initially looked into other options, such as the chatbot and the hotel booking system. We ruled against the chatbot, as we did not have much combined experience with chat messaging, other than basic socket and server messaging from other courses. We also ruled against the hotel booking system as we had done similar work in COMP1531, where we were building a doctor booking system, and decided we would like to work on something different. After the class we worked on the user stories for our program, available here.This was good as we were able to break our project down into sections, such as adding stocks, selling stocks, viewing our history, creating a watchlist and creating a log in system. We also discussed our potential stack, which would be firebase for the database, python back-end, html/css front-end and react as the controller. I’m looking forward to this project, as it’ll be a good chance to work on a personal project, plan it out and customise it. The next steps will be to: - Add user stories to Jira- Install and run flask on my personal machine- Play around with Python API’s for the ASX databaseThursday Feb 20Today I installed flask on my personal machine and was able to have it up and running. This will be very helpful for our project, as it will useful to begin initial set-up. Luckily, Noah and I both took COMP1531 during semester 2 2018, and have a little experience with both python and flask. Sunday Feb 23Today I was not able to work on the program, as I was caught up with work/other university commitments today. That said, I will be sure to set-up Jira and add our user stories tomorrow, so that we will be up and running before our seminar on Tuesday at 10am. Week 2 Diary Monday Feb 24Today I set up the Jira account, however I will wait to work with Noah to finalise user stories before adding them into Jira officially. Tuesday Feb 18 Today we were told that we were not allowed to work in groups of two. That said, we then restarted to work with another group – Aburi Salmon. This worked well, as they had been working on the waiter project. We had some very interesting discussion about the work and how we planned to build the stack. We’re mainly looking to build the stack using python, typescript, flask and firebase. This would give us flexibility to be able to use languages we know, whilst also allowing the others to practice learning new languages. One thing we must work on now though is trying to figure out a point of differentiation for our project. At the moment, we’re thinking of utilising analytical differences to make our app special; that is providing recommendations and time analytics to the waiters. Thursday Feb 27Today I worked on updating user stories in our google drive. I worked on the epics focused around analytics and updating some extra user stories in the notification epic. Friday Feb 28Today we had a very productive meeting. It was focused around trying to ensure that our plan was finished so that we could show it to Heather and gain feedback. There were a few things we wanted feedback on, including ensuring that the extra additional recommendations piece was enough as a project extension. We also wanted to ensure that our epic stories make sense and our plan is well constructed. Week 3 Diary Tuesday Mar 3 We were able to work through our project proposal in class and ensure everything was finalised. Then we would work on our wireframe to ensure the structure was clear and make sense. We also discussed the database design, and the use of JWT in our project to ensure secure login and authentication. Following our meeting, we discussed our individual roles and what we would need to work on. For me it was to use JWT tokens and begin the secure login implementation. Wednesday Mar 4Today I did a bit of reading about JWT and watched a few videos to gain a solid understanding of how they will work for our project. Thursday Mar 5Today I began working on JWT, and worked on a quick basic project to implement JSON Web Tokens to understand how they may be implemented. I also began working on the project, however struggled to understand issues with a config files. That said, I reached out to the group who were able to help. Saturday Mar 7Today I focused on implementing the login functionality for our project. I am struggling a little bit, so will need to ask the group on Tuesday. I am struggling specifically with how to implement the login feature to our database, as I am able to create a basic login feature with dummy login data, however nothing that can actually be sent the the DB. I also edited a few user stories, and had a final review for our group’s proposal, before sending my ‘Okay’ for the project to be submitted by our Scrum Master.   Week 3 Diary Tuesday Mar 3 We were able to work through our project proposal in class and ensure everything was finalised. Then we would work on our wireframe to ensure the structure was clear and make sense. We also discussed the database design, and the use of JWT in our project to ensure secure login and authentication. Following our meeting, we discussed our individual roles and what we would need to work on. For me it was to use JWT tokens and begin the secure login implementation. Wednesday Mar 4Today I did a bit of reading about JWT and watched a few videos to gain a solid understanding of how they will work for our project. Thursday Mar 5Today I began working on JWT, and worked on a quick basic project to implement JSON Web Tokens to understand how they may be implemented. I also began working on the project, however struggled to understand issues with a config files. That said, I reached out to the group who were able to help. Saturday Mar 7Today I focused on implementing the login functionality for our project. I am struggling a little bit, so will need to ask the group on Tuesday. I am struggling specifically with how to implement the login feature to our database, as I am able to create a basic login feature with dummy login data, however nothing that can actually be sent the the DB. I also edited a few user stories, and had a final review for our group’s proposal, before sending my ‘Okay’ for the project to be submitted by our Scrum Master.   Week 4 Diary Tuesday Mar 10 Today was very important, as we were able to delegate future user stories to different group members. From here, we were able to break down who was doing what for the next week. I will be working on implementing functionality for the kitchen staff, and ensuring that the back-end is working okay. This will involve understanding more about how the back end will work and being able to modify the database. We also demoed our current sprint to our tutor, who provided some good feedback on the planning that we had undertaken so far. Wednesday Mar 11Today I installed PG Admin and connected it to the database. This was a good way to sense check how exactly I was going to alter the databaseFriday Mar 13Today our group met up to work together on the project. Whilst we all ended up working individually on our sections, it was important to get to plan for our next sprint and also debug any issues that we might be facing. Sunday Mar 15Today was essential in ensuring things were working okay. I combined altered the interface for the database and added functions that I will need for the kitchen staff. Further, I kept working on the back end for kitchen.py, which is the backend for the kitchen staff. Week 5 Diary Tuesday Mar 17Today we had what turned out to be our last in person meeting. I find it a lot easier to meet in person. We are able to co-ordinate and work on the same screen, as well as easily divide work. Having completed quite a few group assignments online, I much much much prefer working in a group. So at this stage, we need to finish our kitchen, waitstaff and customer work as a team. This should be okay, but we will see how we go throughout the week. I think I might struggle to co-ordinate with the backend, but I will see what happens.. Thursday Mar 19Today was quite productive. I made quite a few functions for the interface.py to ensure that things are working okay. We’ll be meeting as a group tomorrow so hopefully the work is useable. Friday Mar 20As a group, we had a discord call. I found organising logistics online quite tough, especially as it’s hard to know what everyone’s doing. That said, the call was super useful, and we were able to work together. I was able to stay back and work with Kevin and Sharon, as we worked through the customer pages and a few other tasks. Sunday Mar 22Today I just made few edits to the kitchen staff and back end, to ensure that the tables were connected to the database. There were a few issues that took a while to work through, but otherwise it seems to be working okay!Week 5 Diary Tuesday Mar 17Today we had what turned out to be our last in person meeting. I find it a lot easier to meet in person. We are able to co-ordinate and work on the same screen, as well as easily divide work. Having completed quite a few group assignments online, I much much much prefer working in a group. So at this stage, we need to finish our kitchen, waitstaff and customer work as a team. This should be okay, but we will see how we go throughout the week. I think I might struggle to co-ordinate with the backend, but I will see what happens.. Thursday Mar 19Today was quite productive. I made quite a few functions for the interface.py to ensure that things are working okay. We’ll be meeting as a group tomorrow so hopefully the work is useable. Friday Mar 20As a group, we had a discord call. I found organising logistics online quite tough, especially as it’s hard to know what everyone’s doing. That said, the call was super useful, and we were able to work together. I was able to stay back and work with Kevin and Sharon, as we worked through the customer pages and a few other tasks. Sunday Mar 22Today I just made few edits to the kitchen staff and back end, to ensure that the tables were connected to the database. There were a few issues that took a while to work through, but otherwise it seems to be working okay!Week 6 Diary This week wasn’t as productive as I or the team would liked to have been. This was mostly driven by having a 2 week sprint, which allowed us to catch up on other work. Monday Mar 23Today we had a long group call to finalise everything for the sprint. It lasted for four hours, from 7:30-11:30. It was great to be there to debug things as a teem, especially before our Sprint Review with Heather.  Tuesday Mar 24Today we had our zoom meeting with Heather. We showed her our front-end design and our back-end design, and how we split up work as well. We also discussed how we were working as a team in the new virtual age, and how we would split up work moving forward. Thursday Mar 26I looked at different socket programming, and read up on documentation. I worked and pushed this onto my own personal branch (socket1). That said, I’m struggling on how to actively apply this. Week 7 Diary This week we weren’t working too well as a team. This is time were most assignments needed to be compelted, however we have accounted for this and our bonus activities can be completed next week. Monday Mar 30Today we had a long group call to finalise everything for the sprint. It lasted for four hours, from 7:30-11:30. It was great to touch base as a team again, and have a call as a team. Tuesday Mar 31Today we had our zoom meeting with Heather. We gave her an update of how the design is going and how the project is progressing as a team. We are doing pretty well, and should be on schedule to finish on time once everyone finishes their parts. Saturday April 4I looked at Noah’s front end implementation. His implementation makes sense, however I was playing around with it on the socket.py function, and socket.tsx file and they weren’t talking to each other too well. That said, I reached out to him for help and hopefully will be able to complete this soon. Sunday April 5Today I had a quick call with Noah which was very helpful. He gave me a few pointers on the socket implementation and how to send it to the backend. Week 9 Diary This week I mainly focused on socket programming and assisting with any issues that came up. Socket was my main task which was required to be done on Tuesday, yet I was struggling with quite a few socket issues. Monday Apr 6Tonight I had a call with Noah, who was great in assisting me with debugging socket issuesTuesday Apr 7Today we had our zoom meeting with Heather. We talked about our specific parts. I discussed my part on sockets and gave an update about how I was confident that I would have this completed by next week. Following our call, we discussed our work online, and broke out our parts in hopes of having a final demo reading for our sprint next week. Wednesday Apr 8Today I attempted to debug my socket work, however was struggling. I decided to put this on pause and assist with cleaning up the code. Friday April 10After unsuccessfully debugging my code I reached out to Noah for help, and assisted with any work that was needed.Sunday April 12I finally completed the socket programming (after a lot of headache and error debugging throughout the day) and uploaded a pull request to Git. Week 9 Diary Monday Apr 13Today I finished up the socket programming and assisted with issues the team were facing. We also attempted to prepare for our next sprint and ensure that everything was completed. I also assisted with debugging any issues that the front-end was facingTuesday April 14Today we had a short sprint review, as well as had a call afterwards to check in. The next steps are to focus on re-factoring the backend and assist with any issues with the front-end. Thursday April 16We had a call tongith to catch up and check-in to see how re-factoring was going. We were able to easily split up our parts and work as a team, especially when it came to re-factoring parts of the backend.Saturday April 18 – Sunday April 19I spent these few days re-factoring the database and other functionalities, as well as merging into other branches and ensure that everything was working smoothly. Week 10 Diary Monday Apr 20Today I assisted with re-factoring some things with the database. Tuesday April 21Today we had our final presentation with Heather, which seemed to go okay and without issues. We also met before our presentation Sunday April 26Today I helped to proof-read the report, as well as add recommendations/suggestions and future implementation for our application